Int fix gpu update gpuos (#2150)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/gpu/how-to/use-scratch-storage-h100-instances.mdx

## What can I use scratch storage for?

For example, it may take several minutes to fetch a large image, a delay that impedes the user's ability to promptly initiate model training.

> This delay becomes particularly problematic in the realm of AI, where even a 400GB dataset is considered relatively small.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This delay becomes particularly problematic in the realm of AI, where even a 400 GB dataset is considered relatively small.
```
